From the acclaimed studio behind Demon's Souls and Dark Souls comes a new 3rd person action RPG, exclusively on PS4 and brimming with unforgiving, unrelenting terror...

Face your fears as you search for answers to a deadly mystery in the ancient city of Yharnam, now cursed with a strange endemic illness spreading through the streets like wildfire. Danger, death and madness lurk around every corner of this horrific forsaken world, and you must discover its darkest secrets in order to survive.

Experience a deep, action RPG where the fear of the unexpected drives you forward. Engage in intelligent, strategic combat with both guns and blades, and develop your skills and character as you brave the journey alone, or join forces with others to tackle the challenge in co-op multiplayer.

A terrifying new world: Travel to a fear-filled gothic city inhabited by deranged mobs and nightmarish creatures. Stunningly detailed environments, atmospheric lighting and advanced new online experiences bring your journey to life, showcasing the power of PlayStation 4.

Features:
Fast-paced strategic combat - Armed with a unique arsenal of weaponry, use your wits, strategy and reflexes to take down the agile and intelligent enemies that guard the city's dark secrets.
Unleash transformable weapons -With a shotgun in one hand and a saw cleaver in the other, attack enemies with weapons that transform as you fight. Adapt your play style to different weaponry, mastering their transformations to deliver devastating melee strikes and projectile attacks.
Ground-breaking PvP multiplayer - Put your skills to the test as other players jump into your game offering the ultimate challenge: a human opponent!
Stunning 1-3 player co-op - Join up to 2 friends to increase your chances of survival as you journey together into the unknown.
Industry-leading asynchronous play - Stay constantly connected to the Bloodborne community as the graves of the fallen provide warnings of what's to come, while gestures and messages left by fellow journeymen aid your quest, or fool you into making a fatal mistake.
Create and explore user-generated Channel Dungeons - Collect items on your journey to generate unique dungeons and earn rare unlocks for your character. Work with the Bloodborne community to create the best Channel Dungeons, then share them to see who can survive your creations.
Rewarding character levelling and customisation - Choose attributes to suit your play style and evolve your character as you gain more experience, improving your weaponry and magical skills.