Call of Duty: Black Ops III deploys its players into a future where bio-technology has enabled a new breed of Black Ops soldier. Players are now always on and always connected to the intelligence grid and their fellow operatives during battle.

In a world more divided than ever, this elite squad consists of men and women who have enhanced their combat capabilities to fight faster, stronger, and smarter. Every soldier has to make difficult decisions and visit dark places in this engaging, gritty narrative.

New Movement System
Treyarch elevates the Call of Duty social gaming experience by delivering a campaign with the ability to play cooperatively with up to four players online, using the same battle-tested network infrastructure and social systems that support its world-class Multiplayer and Zombies game modes.

Designed for co-op and re-playability, players encounter all the epic cinematic gameplay moments Call of Duty is known for delivering, as well as new open-area arena-style gameplay elements designed to allow players to approach the game with a different strategy each time they play. And now, every player is completely customisable: from weapons and loadouts, to abilities and outfits, all with full progression systems and a personalised armory to show off accomplishments, providing a constantly-evolving campaign experience.

Prepare for a levelled-up multiplayer
With Black Ops III, Treyarch premieres a new momentum-based chained-movement system, allowing players to fluidly move through the environment with finesse, using controlled thrust jumps, slides, and mantling abilities in a multitude of combinations, all while maintaining complete control over your weapon at all times. Maps are designed from the ground-up for the new movement system, allowing players to be successful with traditional movement, as well as advanced tactics and manoeuvres.

Black Ops III multiplayer also introduces the new Specialist character system, which allows players to rank up and master each specific character’s battle-hardened capabilities and weapons. With this addition to Traditional and Weapons XP progressions systems, Black Ops III multiplayer gives players three different ways to rank up.

Fight the undead in an all-new horror story
No Treyarch title would be complete without its signature Zombies offering – a full-game experience with its own distinct storyline right out of the box.

Black Ops III Zombies is the most immersive and ambitious Call of Duty Zombies to date, with a full XP-based progression system for players that adds depth and re-playability to the engaging gameplay Zombies fans have come to expect.